= Meeting Minutes for Code-size Reduction 2020/12/15

== Zfinx tool status
- thanks for Jiawei for his hard word on the Zfinx toolchain
- there are still unresolved issues in QEMU and Spike, which should be resolved within two weeks
-- let's review again at the first meeting of 2021 on 5th Jan
- we need to specify toolchain acceptance criteria
-- I've started a shared document for this https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T74JcH9KKllT1DXM0OIRvhk9PEPDarVL/edit
- an open issue is the specification of GDB, so I've added this text into the Zfinx spec https://github.com/riscv/riscv-zfinx/blob/master/Zfinx_spec.adoc
-- When using GDB on a Zfinx core, GDB must report x-registers instead of f-registers when disassembling floating point opcodes. No other changes are required.

== SAIL
- we're almost ready to submit the patch but are getting no support
- Ibrahim will write up the status, and then we will tackle the support issue

== Ray Simar @ Rice
- Working on a benchmark suite with students
- Benchmarks suites may be missing memory IO instensive benchmarks
- Jennifer is workong on tools for opcode counting, and analysing instructions
-- she's doing her finals, so couldn't attend
- His team is working on bigger tests, up to 1MB

== PUSH/POP - do we need .F/.D/.Q opcodes? yes we do
- can't rely on the ELF header being available to disassemble instructions
- the debugger can access misa.mxl / misa.d
- but the compiler needs to know where stack variables are in memory, so we can't allow this to change dpeendong on misa
-- we should be able to run F code on a D part without having to set misa.D=0, nothing else requires that


Next meeting
2021 / 01 / 05, same time - 7am PDT

